{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\f4\fs20\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service}{\creatim\yr1996\mo1\dy16\hr12\min28}{\version1}{\edmins34}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}
\paperw11909\paperh16834 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \psz9\linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b\fs24 
Using the Interactive System
\par }{\fs24 
\par }\pard {\fs24 There are 3 hot-keys available that are used to control options for DDE Site Selection from WinERMS to the Conservation Tool.  They are;
\par }\pard {\fs24 alt-c  switches between Lookup/Selected/Mandatory/Excluded
\par alt-t   toggles between Single and Multiple DDE Selection
\par alt-a  accepts multiple DDE Selections
\par 
\par }\pard {\fs24 You can use a combination of Clicking sites and these hot keys to look up DBMS information on sites, and to classify sites as Selected, Mandatory or Excluded.
\par }\pard {\fs24 It is possible to calculate and display Irreplaceability based on these classifications, and also to have these classifications \lquote flagged\rquote  as removed from Available sites (ie. Reserved, Excluded, SQL Query Result).
\par }\pard {\fs24 
\par }\pard {\fs24 To calculate Irreplaceability, use the hot-key alt-i,  or  press the \lquote Irreplaceability\rquote  button  or  choose \lquote Run\rquote  from the \lquote Irreplacability\rquote 
 menu.  Now the System will do the Irreplaceability calculations, update the database, then re-categorize the WinERMS display variables.  It might take a minute or two for the category r
ebuild if your coverage has a lot of sites in it, or longer if you are running a slow system (ie. 486 system under 100 Mhz).
\par }\pard {\fs24 
\par }\pard {\fs24 Note: Optimization of Irreplaceability, Database Update, and Category rebuild is currently being done will speed the interactive process.
\par }\pard {\fs24 
\par }\pard {\fs24 When Irreplaceability is displayed on the map, you can classify some sites as Mandatory, Selected and Excluded for successive subsequent Irreplaceability runs.
\par }\pard {\fs24 
\par }\pard {\fs24 Note: Sites classified as Excluded have there area excluded fromSum Area used to calculate relative Irreplaceability of Available sites, but not from the area used to calculate target area for features.
\par }\pard {\fs24 
\par 
\par }}